Allow lazy execution of the reprojection method (#1082)
xcube-dev/xcube: CHANGES.md

## Changes in 1.7.2 (in development)

### Enhancements

> * A `xy_res` keyword argument was added to `transform_grid_mapping()` in
>   `xcube/core/gridmapping/transform`, enabling users to set the gridmapping resolution
>   directly, which speeds up the method by avoiding time-consuming spatial resolution
>   estimation. (#1082)
> * If no `tile_size` is specified for the resampled grid mapping, it defaults to the
>   `tile_size` of the source grid mapping, improving the user-friendliness of
>   resampling and reprojection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A `xy_res` keyword argument was added to the `transform()` method of
  `xcube.core.gridmapping.GridMapping`, enabling users to set the grid-mapping 
  resolution directly, which speeds up the method by avoiding time-consuming 
  spatial resolution estimation. (#1082)
* The behaviour of the function `xcube.core.resample.resample_in_space()` has 
  been changed if no `tile_size` is specified for the target grid mapping,. It now 
  defaults to the `tile_size` of the source grid mapping, improving the 
  user-friendliness of resampling and reprojection.
```

### Fixes

> * The function `resampling_in_space` now operates lazily and support chunk-wise,

Author: done

> * The function `resampling_in_space` now operates lazily and supports chunk-wise,
>   parallel processing. (#1079)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The function `xcube.core.resample.resample_in_space()` now always operates
   lazily and therefore supports chunk-wise, parallel processing. (#1079)
```
